Artifacts TTL - Team Default updates in docs (#563)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/artifacts/ttl.md

:::note

> W&B deactivates the option to set a TTL policy for model artifacts linked to the Model Registry. This is to help ensure that models are not deleted by mistake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B deactivates the option to set a TTL policy for model artifacts linked to the Model Registry. This is to help ensure that linked models do not accidentally expire if used in production workflows.
```

:::
:::info

> * Only team admins can edit a [team's settings](../app/settings-page/team-settings.md) and permit who can set or edit a TTL policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only team admins can view a [team's settings](../app/settings-page/team-settings.md) and access team level TTL settings such as (1) permitting who can set or edit a TTL policy or (2) setting a team default TTL. 
```

> * It is likely that your team admin does not permit you to manage TTL policies if you do not see the option to set or edit a TTL policy in the W&B App UI or if you get an error when you try to programmatically set or update a TTL policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you do not see the option to set or edit a TTL policy in an artifact's details in the W&B App UI or if setting a TTL programmatically does not successfully change an artifact's TTL property, your team admin has not given you permissions to do so. 
```
I don't think we need to comment on likelihood here

:::

> ## Define who can edit and set TTL policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Team Admin Only: Control who can edit and set TTL policies
```
we should make it clear that any instructions below are only to be followed if you have access to team settings. It might make sense to avoid mixing the admin only abilities/instructions and having a separate section labeled:
1. Team Admin Only: Set a default TTL for your team
2. Team Admin Only: Define permissions for setting or editing a TTL

it's a bit confusing for non admins that the instructions are mixed in together

::: -->

<Tabs
  defaultValue="python"
  values={[
    {label: 'Python SDK', value: 'python'},
    {label: 'W&B App', value: 'app'},
  ]}>
  <TabItem value="python">

1. [Fetch your artifact](./download-and-use-an-artifact.md).
2. Set the artifact's `ttl` attribute to `None`.
3. Update the artifact with the [`save`](../../ref/python/run.md#save) method.

The following code snippet shows how to turn off a TTL policy for an artifact:
```python
artifact = run.use_artifact("<my-entity/my-project/my-artifact:alias>")
artifact.ttl = None
artifact.save()
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="app">

1. Navigate to your W&B project in the W&B App UI.
2. Select the artifact icon on the left panel.
3. From the list of artifacts, expand the artifact type you 
4. Select on the artifact version you want to edit the TTL policy for.
5. Click on the Version tab.
6. Click on the meatball UI icon next to the **Link to registry** button. 
7. From the dropdown, select **Edit TTL policy**.
8. Within the modal that appears, select **Deactivate** from the TTL policy dropdown.

> 9. Select the **Update TTL** button to save your changes.

Reviewer: can we also add a gif to show this (deactivation)

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Set default TTL policies for a team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Team Admin Only: Set default TTL policies for a team
```

Author: I added a banner within the section. Didn't add "Team Admin Only" because it will make searching the toping header not intuitive.

artifact.save()
```

The preceding code example sets the TTL policy to two years.

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="app">

1. Navigate to your W&B project in the W&B App UI.
2. Select the artifact icon on the left panel.
3. From the list of artifacts, expand the artifact type you 
4. Select on the artifact version you want to edit the TTL policy for.
5. Click on the Version tab.
6. Click on the meatball UI icon next to the **Link to registry** button. 

> 7. From the dropdown, select **Edit TTL policy**.

Reviewer 2: it might be good to note that if you can't see this setting, check if your admin allows members to set TTLs

Reviewer: agreed! We should make sure to highlight with a note any workflows that are (1) only visible to admin or (2) only visible if your admin has set the relevant permissions for it so that there is no confusion why UI editing is not visible

Author: @estellazx QQ: Does an error message appear if someone tries to set a TTL policy via the Python SDK for an artifact when they don't have permission to? (Admin sets only admins can set or edit a TTL policy)

Reviewer: Discussed via slack - results in no-op but no error messages

Reviewer: https://weightsandbiases.slack.com/archives/C01DX8LRZEJ/p1705537246757359?thread_ts=1705440391.913479&cid=C01DX8LRZEJ
